README.md, before:

# RockCamGreenScreen

Hides arena environment from the Rock Cam so that you can use chroma key or other green screen methods to overlay in OBS or use for video editing.

## Features 
- Legacy cam and VR view are unaffected
- Toggle green screen on/off
- Common green screen colors as presets
- Selectively hide combat floor and ring clamp

## Configuration 
UserData/RockCamGreenScreen/config.cfg

### Green screen options
| Option | Default | Description|
| --- |  --- | --- |
| Green Screen Active | true | |
| Green Screen Color | #FF00FF| Hex code for color you want your green screen to be. This will be the same color you use in OBS's chroma key filter
| Hide Combat Floor | false | Hides the combat floor from the Rock Cam
| Hide Combat Ring | false | Hides the combat ring clamp from the Rock Cam |

### Keyboard inputs
| Option | Default | Description|
| --- |  --- | --- |
|Modifier Key| LeftAlt | Can be any key. Not just Alt/Ctrl/Shift |

#### Control keys
| Key | Action |
| --- |  --- | 
| Z | Toggle green screen on/off |
| F | Toggle hiding combat floor on/off |
| Q | Toggle hiding ring clamp on/off |

#### Color keys 
| Key | Color | Hex |
| --- |  --- | --- |
| K | Black | ![#000](https://placehold.co/15x15/000000/000000.png) `#000000` (Use with luma key filter) | 
| M | Magenta | ![#F0F](https://placehold.co/15x15/FF00FF/FF00FF.png) `#FF00FF` |
| G | Green | ![#0F0](https://placehold.co/15x15/00FF00/00FF00.png) `#00FF00` |
| B | Blue | ![#00F](https://placehold.co/15x15/0000FF/0000FF.png) `#0000FF` |


### Compatibility with other mods
| Option | Default | Description|
| --- |  --- | --- |
| Hide Environment Delay | 2.0 | Delay in seconds before hiding the map environment. If too short, the environment may appear in your opponent's rumble HUD portrait. Disable green screen to retake HUD portraits.


### Notes:

- Can't hide custom maps.
- Only works in the arenas. Not in the gym or the park. 
- Hiding from Rock Cam also hides from LIV cam.

Commit message:

Final changes before first upload
Adjusted readme and config descriptions

Fixed some redundant preference savinvg

Removed unnecessary references and assets.

Adjusted SetEnvironmentVisibility to always use global dictionary of hideable objects

README.md, after:

# RockCamGreenScreen

Hides arena environment from the Rock Cam so that you can use chroma key or other green screen methods to overlay in OBS or use for video editing.

## Features 
- Legacy cam and VR view are unaffected
- Toggle green screen on/off
- Common green screen colors as presets
- Selectively hide combat floor and ring clamp

## Configuration 

(Generated automatically on first run)

`UserData/RockCamGreenScreen/config.cfg`

### Green screen options
| Option | Default | Description|
| --- |  --- | --- |
| Green Screen Active | true | |
| Green Screen Color | #FF00FF| Hex code for color you want your green screen to be. This will be the same color you use in OBS's chroma key filter
| Hide Combat Floor | false | Hides the combat floor from the Rock Cam
| Hide Combat Ring | false | Hides the combat ring clamp from the Rock Cam |

### Keyboard inputs
All keyboard inputs are Modifier key + Control key/Color key

| Option | Default | Description|
| --- |  --- | --- |
|Modifier Key| LeftAlt | Can be any key. Not just Alt/Ctrl/Shift |

#### Control keys
| Key | Action |
| --- |  --- | 
| Z | Toggle green screen on/off |
| F | Toggle hiding combat floor on/off |
| Q | Toggle hiding ring clamp on/off |

#### Color keys 
| Key | Color | Hex |
| --- |  --- | --- |
| K | Black | ![#000](https://placehold.co/15x15/000000/000000.png) `#000000` (Use with luma key filter) | 
| M | Magenta | ![#F0F](https://placehold.co/15x15/FF00FF/FF00FF.png) `#FF00FF` |
| G | Green | ![#0F0](https://placehold.co/15x15/00FF00/00FF00.png) `#00FF00` |
| B | Blue | ![#00F](https://placehold.co/15x15/0000FF/0000FF.png) `#0000FF` |


### Compatibility with other mods
| Option | Default | Description|
| --- |  --- | --- |
| Hide Environment Delay | 2.0 | Delay in seconds before hiding the map environment. If too short, the environment may appear in your opponent's rumble HUD portrait. Disable green screen to retake HUD portraits.


### Notes:

- Can't hide custom maps.
- Only works in the arenas. Not in the gym or the park. 
- Hiding from Rock Cam also hides from LIV cam.
